Add generic-worker to local dev setup (#5213)
taskcluster/taskcluster: dev-docs/development-process.md

**Minio** (S3) will provision two buckets on first start: `public-bucket`, `private-bucket`.

> All services would be served through `taskcluster` service which uses [`docker/nginx.conf`](../docker/nginx.conf).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All services are served through the `taskcluster` service which uses [`docker/nginx.conf`](../docker/nginx.conf).
```

> UI can be accessed through [http://taskcluster](http://taskcluster) (or http://localhost).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
UI can be accessed through [http://taskcluster](http://taskcluster) (or [http://localhost](http://localhost)).
```

To avoid having HAWK authentication issues and be able to see worker logs, modification of `/etc/hosts` is necessary with this entry:

```
127.0.0.1 taskcluster
```

To login, use `static/taskcluster/*` client ids and access tokens that can be seen in `AUTH_WEB` environment variable of `auth-web` service.

## Running tasks with local generic-worker

> `generic-worker` is configured to automatically start with docker compose and connect to taskcluster using `docker-compose/generic-worker` task queue id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`generic-worker` is configured to automatically start with `docker compose` and connect to taskcluster using `docker-compose/generic-worker` task queue id.
```

Just for consistency throughout the rest of the docs too :)
